Name: Yongtak Jun
Email: yjun4@myseneca.ca


Doing this assignment, first, I have learned how to declare the array. Also, I have learned how to
 use the value of single element using index and how to receive the value into each elements using 
index and scanf. Furthermore, I have learned how to make gaps putting the certain number between 
for example, % and d. Also, I have learned how to print out each value of array’s index in for iteration 
structure.

If I didn’t use arrays doing this assignment, I could have made many of variables. But it will not be 
efficient. Because in that case, first I have make too many of variables instead of only one or two 
arrays. Also, if I make this program with only variables not arrays, the expressions which I have to 
write down will too long and complex. But using arrays and for iteration, I could make much simpler 
also more correctly.

At first, it could be confusing to use array. Because when we use array, the thing that we have to 
be careful is index number. When we declare the array, we put the number of arrays which we want 
to make into brackets. But when we want to use single element, the index number starts from 0. 
And that means, if we make 20 number of variables using array, the index number should be from 
0 to 19. Therefore, when we use single element using index number, we should be careful. But once 
we get used to using array, it has big advantage. Because it will reduce the number of variable’s 
declaration when we use variable of identical data type. And it will make the expressions much 
simpler. And let’s say we have to make 2,000 variables of same data type to make certain program.
If we use array, we can simply declare an array just once instead of declare 2,000 times.

It was really good when I use array with for iteration with iterator variable which has value of zero. 
Because in array, the index number starts from zero. So if I set up iterator variable to zero and if I 
increase the iterator value 1 by 1 by doing looping, I could access all of index number from 0 to 
certain number so that I could access all of variables in array easily and efficiently by doing looping.

